Hmph, why can Xu Shaode control the new red sword?
Only the Lord God can control the new red sword
So now logically speaking
Young Master Xu is the Lord God, right?
The Lord God died in battle and the Lord Ming obtained the Lord God's Qi training method
As long as you cooperate with the Great Ring Dan to practice for one day
You can cultivate the base
Reach the point of controlling Jinghong Sword
Thanks grandpa
Now the golden red sword is in my hands
Am I the Lord of God?
Greet the Lord God
No I'm not a fairy
That's how I'm going to tell you.
This Jinghong sword is fake.
Not only can I control
Even my dad can manipulate
Do you understand?
So I told you.
Why can this Young Master Xu control the Horror Sword?
It turns out that this fright sword is counterfeit.
Fake goods get out of the wind ceremony
Get out! Good point
In addition to that
I have other evidence
Bring it up.
Xu Shaode, you are courting death